{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;
\red0\green128\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c-8087\c56905\c57462;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c57046\c57047\c57046;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c50196\c50196;}
\vieww16300\viewh19220\viewkind0
\pard\tx540\tx1080\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\tx3780\tx4320\tx4860\tx5400\tx5940\tx6480\tx7020\tx7560\tx8100\tx8640\tx9180\tx9720\tx10260\tx10800\tx11340\tx11880\tx12420\tx12960\tx13500\tx14040\tx14580\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 US war over Taiwan?
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \
\
\pard\tx540\tx1080\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\tx3780\tx4320\tx4860\tx5400\tx5940\tx6480\tx7020\tx7560\tx8100\tx8640\tx9180\tx9720\tx10260\tx10800\tx11340\tx11880\tx12420\tx12960\tx13500\tx14040\tx14580\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'93Historian Alfred McCoy Predicts the U.S. Empire is Collapsing as China\'92s Power Grows\'94
\f2\i \
\pard\tx540\tx1080\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\tx3780\tx4320\tx4860\tx5400\tx5940\tx6480\tx7020\tx7560\tx8100\tx8640\tx9180\tx9720\tx10260\tx10800\tx11340\tx11880\tx12420\tx12960\tx13500\tx14040\tx14580\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf4 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/HendU4zRg9A"}}{\fldrslt https://youtu.be/HendU4zRg9A}}) \
\pard\tx540\tx1080\tx1620\tx2160\tx2700\tx3240\tx3780\tx4320\tx4860\tx5400\tx5940\tx6480\tx7020\tx7560\tx8100\tx8640\tx9180\tx9720\tx10260\tx10800\tx11340\tx11880\tx12420\tx12960\tx13500\tx14040\tx14580\partightenfactor0
\cf5 12021.11\cf4 \
\
should the United States go to war with China over Taiwan?  \
\'96 how about the US establishing strong relationships with Central America and South America?  \
\'b7 would resources be better used ensuring the progress and wellbeing of countries that are physically closer to the US?  \
\'b7 would it be better to ensure that the American continent can make the products needed to explore earth and other planets?  \
\'b7 do we really want to get into another war, with China this time?  \
\'b7 yes, Taiwan could be a big loss, but maybe a bigger gain would be creating the biggest economic and political block on earth  \
\'96 the countries in South Africa (aka, \'93shithole countries\'94) may also present a great economic opportunity  \
\'b7 we dont need more expensive wars  \
\'b7 we need peaceful, productive relationships with neglected countries in trouble  \
\'b7 if the US is serious about protecting people like the Uyghurs, it could ensure that China does not spread its genocide worldwide  \
\'96 what is the US vision?  \
\'b7 what are its values?  \
\'b7 different administrations have very different visions  \
\'b7 i see no coherent strategy for treating countries as allies instead of tools for economic domination  \
\'b7 US policies need to follow a single vision, no matter the adinistrations politics    }